Hi Marie,
I hope you are well and business is booming. Things are going ok for me so far at GS. An old colleague got in touch at the weekend, someone I worked with 12 years or so ago
and who is now looking for work as a JavaScript developer. Jonathon doesn't fit the usual web developer mould, I suggested he contact Adaptive on the offchance that you might
be able to offer a role for someone with his experience. He left Deutsche a year ago after 20 years there, spent in IT, Sales and Trading. We worked together on the Convertible
Bonds Trading Desk, where he was responsible for IT (I was hacking JavaScript, naturally). He was not a hands-on developer, though he did dabble in coding. His coding background
was C++. The roles he performed since then at Deutsche were, similarly, not programming, but business focussed. 

Since leaving DB, he has been involved in a couple of tentative startup experiments with former colleagues, where he has taken on the programming duties, using a mix of python
and JavaScript (React). Although these haven't led anywhere, he's enjoyed programming again and plans to spend the next few years just programming.

So, I can't vouch for the current state of Jonathons JavaScript knowledge, but I can tell you he's a very smart guy, with a ton of business knowledge across the markets. He knows
the operations of Sales and Trading inside out. The more obvious role might seem to be as some kind of BA, but he doesn't want to do that - he want to do programming.

I told him he should drop you a line and just explain his situation, be completely honest about his scant recent real-world programming experience and see if you might be able to
offer him anything. He knows he's not going to command market rate for a programming role.

He's a very nice fellow to work with - I wouldn't be recommending him otherwise !

Anyway, you'll probably hear from him and he will mention that he worked with me, that's the background.

If I don't see you sooner, hope to see you at Battersea Park again in July. Look after yourself in the meantime

Steve